okay are you ready to shop it on until
we drop it say hello to my shopper gone
co-host Julia Roberts and Kristen Bell
come on
allow me to slip
Oh
hello America and Canada and Canada we
have so many amazing red products for
you tonight interesting fact did you
know that red is one of the three
primary colors
that's right blonde with yellow blue I
guess wow that's so interesting
for me I did not know that well that is
such a great way to jump right into our
first amazing red product which I
believe julia has and it is headphone
this is a gift for the music lovers
she's sick and tired of getting tangled
up in annoying headphone cord yes you
know I once had to cut off a finger to
free myself from a pair of earbuds oh my
gahh I mean it grew back well then each
by Dre Red Solo three wireless
headphones are just the thing for you
Julia not a wire in sight but you how do
these things work there's anything to do
with Satanism no Satan is amazing about
it's just technology let's give these
babies a try do you mind oh they're
playing my favorite song can i connect
oh yeah sure
sorry got lost in the music there for a
second hair weighted hair clothes yeah
who let the dogs out every time - Oh
Julia yeah are screaming over with up to
four hours of battery-life
beats solo three Wireless is your
perfect everyday headphone ooh and just
a five minute charge gives you three
hours of playback honey yeah you know
they never did find out who let the dogs
out yeah no they never did they sure
didn't good day Wow up next one personal
you read special edition power station
plus for just 79.5 you gave your phone
your phone charge demo phone chat what
are you doing camo camo what are you
doing my Apple wash with my brand new
red sport bot told me I need to get up
and move okay
anytime now you want to deliver that
next line so I get up and move okay well
Guillermo thank God that red sports man
is our next product or you would both
certainly have been fired just now in
that right ladies yeah I would fire him
myself I would just say yeah fired it's
fun saying you're fired is fun isn't it
getting oh you're fired okay ah the red
Apple watch sports ban is one of the
coolest things you can put on your wrist
Jeremy would you mind showing your watch
to the viewers
now Guillermo a watch band like this
couldn't go for less than ninety four
hundred dollars right that's wrong don't
ask it is for the low low price of $49
with a portion of a proceed going to the
red fight against ace
I have to keep moving sorry guys it's
okay not be more excited about our next
product I'm sure that's not true I know
I bet it is true it's not and yet it is
this is the most excited I have ever
been in my entire life wow this must be
some problems you bet it is Jimmy it's
the swell limited edition rowboat red
nine ounce water bottle oh that is
amazing why it's a piece of red metal
yes and if you twist off the cap but a
boom you can use it to store and carry
liquid get out of town there's liquid in
there well I'll be damned it's water it
does look like a liquid is very watery
water yeah and not only will it keep
your liquid cool for up to 24 hours it
will also keep liquids hot for up to 12
hours Wow
whoo you aren't kidding this clam
chowder is scalding up
I think you just burned me badly I think
I did too isn't it great
it is great water it's perfect for any
time for when you're in the office or on
the go or just objectifying the human
body what is this
Mamma Mia oh that's coming down not this
wet t-shirt made me look fat at all
major wet tailor yeah that is a wet cos
a major killer
names icky can be a safe that's the key
is to be safe and you'll never catch me
with a vest of red you say without my
helmet on it's so important the keys to
be safe and of course the key is to
always be around a beautiful lady oh yes
your is dj khaled not only safety a
major key but so is style on this
limited edition red Vespa in every Vespa
purchase will help provide 500 days of
life-saving medication to people living
with HIV bless up Wow bless up to you
[Applause]
was a fun surprise wasn't it yeah okay
okay is everyone ready for more killer
products I don't why we're created by a
partnership between gap red and six
female artists what female artists
that's more than five who's so right
Julia Roberts these amazing pieces of
outerwear will make even the ugliest
people appear to be presentable look at
our video wall see almost not disgusting
although still kind of disgust yeah
honest
yeah it's hideous maybe he'd look better
like this
[Applause]
Wow buckle your seatbelts everyone we're
about to cruise into some more fantastic
products you guys are gonna go gaga for
these next items around the wrist is the
beautiful lokai bracelets the white bead
carries water from Mount Everest and
it's black beef contains mud from the
Dead Sea hmm that bracelet is quite the
jetsetter isn't it and on the
fingernails is an elegant deborah
lippmann limited edition full coverage
Kris brand Mary creme Granberry Kris
nail polish why it's Brandon Flowers of
the killers
[Applause]
cranberry crown oh thank you thank you
now go away Brandon are you ready for
our next product I sure am I'm not okay
now I am okay
it is the lovely elegant por la femme
pajamas and here to model them for us
the fabulous mr. Channing Tatum
let's let's let's not wake the little
guy horn Lapham is a socially conscious
sleepwear company created by actress and
activist Robin Wright and her friend
designer Karen Fowler yeah cute comfy
and a portion of the purchase price goes
to Red's fight against that is such a
good cause I am against AIDS yeah me too
well that's it for now but we'll have
even more amazing red products for you
later in the show so so much fun G
mature was wasn't it thank you so much
to my co-host Kristin and Julia we have
to take a break continues with the duet
from Bono Halsey
and have I got another exciting product
for you
it is the mph deck of cards
what does mph stand for you ask well it
stands for nothing personal homey well
actually it stands for Neil
oh and pH cuz my that's my mistake but
nothing personal homie ha ha ha ha hey
do I have find this you wanna see a
magic trick
oh yeah we're gonna pet yes I want to
heal my own deck and you can buy your
own I have these decks made from there
you're you and proceeds go to read so
I'm gonna instead of doing a card trick
where you pick a card okay I will just
choose a card that will represent you
and to make it even more personal take
this I want you to sign the card okay in
the center my own name yeah put it in
the center yeah okay I think that's nice
not perfect okay take this back are you
you sign with your right hand your left
my right hand your right hand look it
take take this okay Oh in your hand this
way hold on to it come on to that end
I'm gonna hold on okay okay make sure
that they can see this kinda bend the
card a lot okay then I'm gonna bending
the card a little bit of a rip here at
the top
you're really destroying this is not the
pack we're gonna give you if you buy if
you purchase the pack will give you a
new one I'll rip to almost all the way
to the end and you with your two fingers
of your other hand take the rest of that
little piece rip it down write it down
yeah so it comes off hey hold on to that
okay watch this and he's eating it is
that the trick no no okay okay
the way essentially nothing's happened
right you took a card you signed it
correct I put it in my mouth and swallow
that's what I think this is the cool
part watch close
so fast you can pull on it
that was MCH amazing what but Neal
seriously while you're here will you
please tell us all about your exciting
omae's experience I have my own amazing
experience I think this whole thing is
fantastic and then Red's involved and
I'm working with coke so if you do ours
you can win a trip we'll fly you to New
York City we'll put you up in a hotel
we'll go to dinner you and a friend with
me and my husband and then we'll go see
a Broadway show
Oh amazing indeed thank you so much
Kristen and thanks Neil Patrick he is
Magic for our next group of products is
from moon to a line that was created to
celebrate the artisan work of the my my
you community and we have a very special
model to show you the goods
now give mo where are these fantastic
products that you're wearing from Luton
sorry
oh is that name again boo boo - one more
time boo boo - close enough
Ubuntu you can you take us through each
product sure sure mrs. Kristen Bell this
is the route Oh Totten this is the route
Oh chopper nah then this is the route of
Masai tribe upon root Oh bracelet and
the route o donnell well I sure hope the
people at home could understand the
thing you just said because I could not
neither could I
you